Prepare 24.11.0 (#116)
conda/conda-standalone: CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (current developments)

## 24.11.0 (2024-12-02)

### Enhancements

* Add `uninstall` subcommand, which uninstalls all environments inside a prefix and reverses

>   `conda init` commands. It also for deleting cache directories and configuration files. (#112)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `conda init` commands. It's also useful for deleting cache directories and configuration files. (#112)
```

Or similar?

* Bump to conda 24.11.0, libmambapy 1.5.11, constructor 3.10.0, menuinst 2.2.0. (#114)

### Bug fixes

> * Prevent unbound error in test_conda_standalone_config. (#110)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Prevent unbound error in `test_conda_standalone_config`. (#110)
```
